# Location_based_reminder_app
Problem Definition : The proposed system mainly focuses on the services that need to be provided to the user regarding future tasks. User registers to the system and admin will provide a unique user id after verifying the user information. Once user has registered successfully admin will verify the user id at the time of login. The main idea of the system is to ping users about his tasks. If it is a location specified task it pops a reminder when present nearby else after a fixed interval of time user will get a notification. The system also provides facility to the user to ask for suggestions regarding a particular task entered by the user such as name and location of the place. User now can select the location of his choice and set a reminder accordingly. Modules: There are total three modules in our project they are

Set reminder based on Location: In this module, the application will get the current location of the user using GPS and if that location matches with the address user has mentioned then user will get a pop.
Set reminder based on time: In this module, the user can set the reminder based on the time and notification will pop up accordingly.
Ask for help: In this module, Google map is provide to the user to find any place which they require and then they can enter in the module 1 or to find the route this module can be used.
Implementation details: Set Reminder based on User Location: Here using GPS we get the latitude and longitude and then by using reverse geocoder method we convert that coordinates into an address using addresslist. Then we used a button called set Task which will add the user reminder in an arrayList and will check if that entered list is contains the string value that is the address that we found previously. And if it does it will give the pop.

